[Music]
welcome to another episode of 7 min and
marketing with Pam my name is p.m.
dinner I love sharing a little dose a
b2b digital content marketing and sales
enablement seven minutes at a time I
just finished reading talk triggers by
Jay Baer and Daniel lemon the book
offers a complete guide to creating
customers through water mouth
it totally exceeds my expectations Jay
and Daniel provide what they call the
four five and the six systems they talk
about the four requirements for talk
triggers which gets your customers to
spread the word for you then they
identify five types of talk triggers
that you may be able to use for your
marketing outreach and they end the book
with six steps that you can take to
implement a complete word of mouth
strategy a very solid framework indeed
according to them repeatable
differentiated and relevant word of
mouth is not a gimmick but a business
decision so they use Double Tree Hotel
as an example presenting guests with
chocolate chip cookies when they check
in at Double Tree hotels is a unique and
repeatable customer experience and
relevant to their brand the simple and
delicious chocolate chip cookies give
their guests an opportunity to talk
about the treat and their initial
experience the chocolate chip cookie
which is repeatable reasonable relevant
and remarkable it's a trigger to get
your guests to share on social media and
other channels on top of it it's a
business decision so talk triggers is
not something that can be done only by
big enterprises it can also be
implemented by small businesses Lok
Buster's a locksmith in New York City
offers a fear and a fixed price and
sticks to it when they fix your log they
also oil only other locks in your house
not just the lock they fix
for free in addition they'll perform a
complimentary security audit who doesn't
appreciate a free service like that
again
this is repeatable reasonable relevant
and appreciated enough to entice their
customers to talk about lock Busters Jay
and Daniel share many such examples in
their book and whenever I read a
business book I always think how I can
apply some of the author's ideas to what
I do so when I was reading these
examples I were thinking about what
strategies I can implement as repeatable
reasonable you need enough to my brain
and relevant enough to my customers so I
came up with one idea that ties to my
book launch if you read my book and
can't find anything useful or relevant
no problem scheduled hold with me I want
to hear your challenges and come up with
a solution or even a template for you
seriously if you are marketing manager
or sales person who read my book but
can't find anything useful just reach
out I really want to help their book
especially the six steps how to
implement water mouth inspire me to
share examples in the book with my
team's and dig deep into our
understanding of our customers and our
digital purchase journey we want to see
what we can improve and how we can
generate haul triggers we came up with
several ideas that we want to implement
in 2019 we'll see how it goes of course
not everything we implement will
generate hoc triggers but it's important
that we keep trying and testing here are
several memorable quotes I want to share
with you from the book talk triggers on
gimmicks they are business choices I
agree Anala one experiencing your
business firsthand as a customer would
can help you identify potential park
triggers cool the next one same is lame
that is so true always have to try to do
something different and also surprise
your customers I really enjoy the read
the book is structured in a lot
Flo and packed with solid case studies
and research data so check out the book
on Amazon and a one additional note Jay
and Daniel talked the talk and walk the
walk when they send me a book out to
industry peers and influencers they
added a little stuff alpaca a tin can of
a Hilton top tree cookies and an uber
flip headband so it's a big package and
many people took videos and photos of
unboxing the package they receive from
Jay and Daniel they create a
trigger and generated millions of a free
impression to help them build buzz for
the book so well done Jay and Daniel
semia marketing question a p.m. dinner
oh if you have a book that you want me
to do a review just let me know I will
check it out okay keep hustling my
friends you got this
[Music]